# chrome.wallpaper

**Important:** This API works **only on ChromeOS**.

## Description

Use the `chrome.wallpaper` API to change the ChromeOS wallpaper.

## Permissions

`wallpaper`

You must declare the "wallpaper" permission in the app's [manifest](/docs/extensions/reference/manifest) to use the wallpaper API. For example:

```
{
  "name": "My extension",
  ...
  "permissions": [
    "wallpaper"
  ],
  ...
}
```

## Availability

Chrome 43+ ChromeOS only

## Examples

For example, to set the wallpaper as the image at `https://example.com/a_file.png`, you can call `chrome.wallpaper.setWallpaper` this way:

```
chrome.wallpaper.setWallpaper(
  {
    'url': 'https://example.com/a_file.jpg',
    'layout': 'CENTER_CROPPED',
    'filename': 'test_wallpaper'
  },
  function() {}
);
```

## Types

### WallpaperLayout

Chrome 44+

The supported wallpaper layouts.

#### Enum

"STRETCH"

"CENTER"

"CENTER\_CROPPED"

## Methods

### setWallpaper()

Promise

```
chrome.wallpaper.setWallpaper(
  details: object,
  callback?: function,
)
```

Sets wallpaper to the image at *url* or *wallpaperData* with the specified *layout*

#### Parameters

- details
  
  object
  
  - data
    
    ArrayBuffer optional
    
    The jpeg or png encoded wallpaper image as an ArrayBuffer.
  - filename
    
    string
    
    The file name of the saved wallpaper.
  - layout
    
    [WallpaperLayout](#type-WallpaperLayout)
    
    The supported wallpaper layouts.
  - thumbnail
    
    boolean optional
    
    True if a 128x60 thumbnail should be generated. Layout and ratio are not supported yet.
  - url
    
    string optional
    
    The URL of the wallpaper to be set (can be relative).
- callback
  
  function optional
  
  The `callback` parameter looks like:
  
  ```
  (thumbnail?: ArrayBuffer) => void
  ```
  
  - thumbnail
    
    ArrayBuffer optional
    
    The jpeg encoded wallpaper thumbnail. It is generated by resizing the wallpaper to 128x60.

#### Returns

- Promise&lt;ArrayBuffer | undefined&gt;
  
  Chrome 96+
  
  Promises are supported in Manifest V3 and later, but callbacks are provided for backward compatibility. You cannot use both on the same function call. The promise resolves with the same type that is passed to the callback.